extensions/clickup/README.md, before:

# ClickUp Tasks Explorer

Plugin for Raycast to explore your [ClickUpTasks](https://github.com/Ali-Parandeh/raycast-clickup-extension).

## How to obtain an API Token

- Go to [ClickUp](https://app.clickup.com/login)
- Click on **USER SETTINGS**
- Click on **APPS**

![](./assets/obtain-api-token.png)

- Generate an **API TOKEN**

## Features (to be added as standalone commands or as a single command group)

- [x] List and explore Your teams, spaces, folders, lists and tasks
- [x] Get a birds eye of number of tasks in each folder and list
- [x] List, search and preview contents of each task in Tasks View
- [x] View each tasks by priority
- [x] Open each task via the browser
- [x] Set your default team ID and space IDs
- [ ] Search and order all of your ClickUp Team and space tasks by any filters or query (e.g. due date, priority, status, duration in progress etc.)
- [ ] List and view tasks assigned to you ordered by priority and due date
- [ ] View and browse subtasks
- [ ] Copy task links to clipboard
- [ ] View assignees from Tasks view
- [ ] Set assignees, sprint scores, time estimates, priorities, tags and due dates from Raycast
- [ ] Update status and priority of tasks from Raycast
- [ ] Add subtasks and checklists from Raycast
- [ ] Add Task dependencies from Raycast
- [ ] Create folders, lists and tasks from Raycast
- [ ] List Tasks by sprints
- [ ] Search tasks comments from Raycast
- [ ] Search, view and download task attachments from Raycast
- [ ] Comment on tasks from Raycast
- [ ] Move tasks between lists and sprints from Raycast
- [ ] Delete and archive tasks from Raycast
- [ ] Assign Github PR IDs to your tasks from Raycast (Requires Github Token)
- [ ] Other cool features? Open an issue or PR!

## Installing

Make sure Raycast is installed and go to https://github.com/Ali-Parandeh/raycast-clickup-extension

## Running locally

```sh
# nvm install (use node >=16.x)
nvm --lts --latest-npm
# make sure you have Raycast and Yarn / NPM installed
npm i
# Start local server
npm run dev
# Now open raycast. The dev tool should be the top item!
```

Commit message:

Update `ClickUp` extension - choose status from Dropdown in 'capture' (close #19331) + update README (#19370)
* [ClickUp] choose statuus in 'capture' (close #19331)

* [ClickUp] remove  🤦‍♂️

* [ClickUp] remove 'throttle' based on Greptile review

* Update CHANGELOG.md and optimise images

---------

Co-authored-by: raycastbot <bot@raycast.com>

extensions/clickup/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="./assets/clickup-icon.png" width="150" height="150" />
</p>

# ClickUp - Tasks & Docs Explorer

Extension for Raycast to explore your [ClickUp](https://clickup.com/) Tasks & Docs.

## How to obtain an API Token (Personal)

1. `Log in` to [ClickUp](https://app.clickup.com/).
2. In the upper-right corner, `click` your avatar.
3. `Select` Settings. 

![](./assets/obtain-api-token.png)

4. In the sidebar, `click` [Apps](https://app.clickup.com/settings/apps).
5. Under API Token, `click` "Generate" or "Regenerate".
6. `Click` Copy to copy the personal token to your clipboard.

> ❗ Make sure to generate a "Personal Token". You do NOT need to create an "OAuth App" (token should begin with "pk_").

## Features (to be added as standalone commands or as a single command group)

- [x] List and explore Your teams, spaces, folders, lists and tasks
- [x] Get a birds eye of number of tasks in each folder and list
- [x] List, search and preview contents of each task in Tasks View
- [x] View each tasks by priority
- [x] Open each task via the browser
- [x] Set your default team ID and space IDs
- [ ] Search and order all of your ClickUp Team and space tasks by any filters or query (e.g. due date, priority, status, duration in progress etc.)
- [ ] List and view tasks assigned to you ordered by priority and due date
- [ ] View and browse subtasks
- [ ] Copy task links to clipboard
- [ ] View assignees from Tasks view
- [ ] Set assignees, sprint scores, time estimates, priorities, tags and due dates from Raycast
- [ ] Update status and priority of tasks from Raycast
- [ ] Add subtasks and checklists from Raycast
- [ ] Add Task dependencies from Raycast
- [ ] Create folders, lists and tasks from Raycast
- [ ] List Tasks by sprints
- [ ] Search tasks comments from Raycast
- [ ] Search, view and download task attachments from Raycast
- [ ] Comment on tasks from Raycast
- [ ] Move tasks between lists and sprints from Raycast
- [ ] Delete and archive tasks from Raycast
- [ ] Assign Github PR IDs to your tasks from Raycast (Requires Github Token)
- [ ] Other cool features? Open an issue or PR!

## Installing

Make sure Raycast is installed and go to https://www.raycast.com/aparandeh/manage-clickup-tasks.

> ✨ AI Tools Supported!
