extensions/appcleaner/README.md, before:

# App Cleaner

Uninstall apps with AppCleaner, Pearcleaner or TrashMe 3.


## FAQ
### I just installed an app and it's not showing up in the list.
The list of the apps is fetched using Raycast's API.
If you just installed an app and it's not showing up in the list, try restarting Raycast.


### Why is my uninstaller app not supported?
This script supports AppCleaner, Pearcleaner and TrashMe 3. If you have an uninstaller app that you would like to see supported, please open an issue [here](https://github.com/tborychowski/raycast-appcleaner/issues).



## Acknowledgements
- [AppCleaner](https://freemacsoft.net/appcleaner/) by FreeMacSoft.
- [AppCleaner Icon](https://macosicons.com/#/?icon=3LGU5jXIsN) By [Adrian](https://macosicons.com/#/u/adrian) from [macosicons.com](https://macosicons.com).
- [PearCleaner](https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner) and its icon by [alienator88](https://github.com/alienator88).
- [TrashMe](https://www.jibapps.com/apps/trashme3/) and its icon by [jibapps](https://www.jibapps.com).

Commit message:

Ext/appcleaner (#19355)
* Update appcleaner extension

- add TrashMe 3 support
- Merge branch \'contributions/merge-1740832951277\'
- Pull contributions
- Merge branch \'contributions/merge-1740832931328\'
- Pull contributions
- Merge branch \'contributions/merge-1740832765817\'
- Pull contributions
- better app icons
-
- fixes app icon finding crash
- Merge branch \'contributions/merge-1739747587815\'
- Pull contributions
- Merge branch \'contributions/merge-1739747490405\'
- Pull contributions
- Merge branch \'contributions/merge-1739747471183\'
- Pull contributions
-
- app filtering tweaks

* Update extensions/appcleaner/src/lib/uninstaller.ts

Co-authored-by: greptile-apps[bot] <165735046+greptile-apps[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update CHANGELOG.md

* Update extensions/appcleaner/src/lib/uninstaller.ts

Co-authored-by: greptile-apps[bot] <165735046+greptile-apps[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update extensions/appcleaner/src/lib/utils.ts

Co-authored-by: greptile-apps[bot] <165735046+greptile-apps[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update extensions/appcleaner/src/lib/utils.ts

Co-authored-by: greptile-apps[bot] <165735046+greptile-apps[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update uninstaller.ts

* Update package.json

* Update CHANGELOG.md

* Update CHANGELOG.md and optimise images

* add support for App Cleaner & Uninstaller

* add support for App Cleaner & Uninstaller

* revert user name

* Update CHANGELOG.md and optimise images

---------

Co-authored-by: greptile-apps[bot] <165735046+greptile-apps[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Per Nielsen Tikær <per@raycast.com>
Co-authored-by: raycastbot <bot@raycast.com>

extensions/appcleaner/README.md, after:

# App Cleaner

Uninstall applications with AppCleaner, Pearcleaner, TrashMe 3 or App Cleaner & Uninstaller.

## FAQ
### I just installed an app and it's not showing up in the list.
The list of the apps is fetched using Raycast's API.
If you just installed an app and it's not showing up in the list, try restarting Raycast.


### Why is my uninstaller app not supported?
This script supports AppCleaner, Pearcleaner, TrashMe 3, and App Cleaner & Uninstaller. If you have an uninstaller app that you would like to see supported, please open an issue [here](https://github.com/tborychowski/raycast-appcleaner/issues).



## Acknowledgements
- [AppCleaner](https://freemacsoft.net/appcleaner/) by FreeMacSoft.
- [AppCleaner Icon](https://macosicons.com/#/?icon=3LGU5jXIsN) By [Adrian](https://macosicons.com/#/u/adrian) from [macosicons.com](https://macosicons.com).
- [PearCleaner](https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner) and its icon by [alienator88](https://github.com/alienator88).
- [TrashMe](https://www.jibapps.com/apps/trashme3/) and its icon by [jibapps](https://www.jibapps.com).
- [App Cleaner & Uninstaller](https://app-cleaner.com/) and its icon by [nektony](https://nektony.com/).
