extensions/media-converter/README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Media Converter</h1>
  <p>Convert any media file with just a few keystrokes</p>
</div>

## Features

- Convert videos, images, and audio files with a simple interface
- Support for all popular media formats
- Preserve original quality during conversion
- Smart file naming to prevent conflicts
- Automatic FFmpeg installation and management

## Supported Formats

| Media Type | Supported Formats |
|------------|------------------|
| Video | MP4, AVI, MKV, MOV, MPG, WEBM |
| Image | JPG, PNG, WebP, HEIC, TIFF, AVIF |
| Audio | MP3, AAC, WAV, FLAC |

## Usage

### Standard Conversion

1. Open Raycast and search for "Convert Media"
2. Select files to convert (⌘ + click for multiple)
3. Choose your desired output format
4. Press ⌘↵ to start conversion

### Quick Convert

1. Select file(s) in Finder
2. Open Raycast and search for "Quick Convert"
3. Choose output format
4. Press ↵ to start conversion

### ✨ Ask Media Converter

1. Get started by typing @ in Raycast AI
2. Example prompts:
   - Convert the last mp3 file in @finder downloads to wav
   - Convert all png files on my @finder desktop to webp 
   - Convert my last screen recording in @finder downloads to webm
   - Convert the heic photos in @finder desktop to png

### Requirements
- FFmpeg (automatically installed if missing)
- macOS 10.15 or later

## License

MIT License

## Author

Created by [@leandro.maia](https://raycast.com/leandro.maia)

Commit message:

Update media-converter extension (#19385)
* Update media-converter extension

* Update media-converter extension: follow Greptile's feedback

* Update CHANGELOG.md and optimise images

---------

Co-authored-by: raycastbot <bot@raycast.com>

extensions/media-converter/README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Media Converter</h1>
  <p>Convert any media file with just a few keystrokes</p>
</div>

## Features

- Convert videos, images, and audio files with a simple interface
- Support for all popular media formats
- Customise the quality of the output image
- Preserve original quality during conversion for video and audio
- Smart file naming to prevent conflicts
- Automatic FFmpeg installation and management

## Supported Formats

| Media Type | Supported Input Formats                          | Supported Output Formats         |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------- |
| Video      | MP4, AVI, MKV, MOV, MPG, WEBM                    | MP4, AVI, MKV, MOV, MPG, WEBM    |
| Image      | JPG, JPEG, PNG, WEBP, HEIC, TIFF, TIF, AVIF, BMP | JPG, PNG, WEBP, HEIC, TIFF, AVIF |
| Audio      | MP3, AAC, WAV, FLAC                              | MP3, AAC, WAV, FLAC              |

## Usage

### Convert Media

1. Open Raycast and search for "Convert Media"
2. Select files to convert (⌘ + click for multiple) OR select files in Finder before opening the extension
3. Choose your desired output format (and quality settings for images, defaults are fine)
4. Press &#8984;↵ to start conversion

### ✨ Ask Media Converter

1. Get started by typing @ in Raycast AI
2. Example prompts:
   - Convert the last mp3 file in @finder downloads to wav
   - Convert all png files on my @finder desktop to webp
   - Convert my last screen recording in @finder downloads to webm
   - Convert the heic photos in @finder desktop to png

### Requirements

- FFmpeg (automatically installed if missing)
- macOS 10.15 or later

## License

MIT License

## Author

Created by [@leandro.maia](https://raycast.com/leandro.maia)
