# Changelog

## [✨AI: View Env & DNS] - 2025-03-11

- AI Tools to:
    1. Get Environment Variables
    2. Get DNS Records
- fix typo in Create DNS Records (`Differenet` -> `Different`)

## [✨ AI Enhancements] - 2025-02-21

- Add AI Tools to:
    1. Get Teams
    2. Get Domains
    3. Get Sites
    4. Get Deployments
    5. Search Docs

## [Paginated Sites] - 2024-12-19

### Enhancements
- Sites are now cached (and show up to 100 by default)
- View more than 30 Sites at a time thanks to Pagination
- When Inviting, you can now choose from up to 100 Sites

### Chore
- Bump `@raycast/api` from 1.79.0 to 1.87.5
- Bump `@raycast/utils` from 1.16.3 to 1.18.1

## [View Site Environment Variables] - 2024-07-29

### Enhancements

- Added `Show Environment Variables` subcommand

### Chore

- Bump `@raycast/api` from 1.72.0 to 1.79.0
- Bump `@raycast/utils` from 1.14.0 to 1.16.3

## [Manage DNS Commands] - 2024-05-07

### Enhancements

- Renamed `Search Domains` (title) -> `Search Domains and Manage DNS Records`.
    - Added `Manage DNS Records` subcommand to `View`, `Create`, `Delete` DNS Records

### Chore

- Bump `@raycast/api` from 1.42.0 to 1.72.0
- Bump `@raycast/utils` from 1.4.14 to 1.14.0

## [New Logo] - 2023-05-26

- Updated the logo

## [New Logo] - 2023-03-07

- Updated the logo to match the refreshed brand assets

## [New Commands and Improvements] - 2023-01-16

- Added `Find Local Sites` command.
- Added `Invite Team Members` command.
- Added `Search Audit Log` command.
- Added `Search Docs` command.
- Renamed `View Sites` -> `Search Sites`, and added site and deploy metadata in a detail view.
- Renamed `View Domains` -> `Search Domains`, and added the ability to register a new domain.
- Renamed `View Members` -> `Search Team Members`, and added Git contributors and reviewers to the list.
- Expanded README to include screenshots and helpful instructions.

## [Chore] - 2023-01-03

- Bump `@raycast/api` from 1.28.0 to 1.42.0

## [Fix] - 2023-01-02

- Fixes a possible missing title value if a Netlify member's full_name is empty, falling back to their email address.

## [Fix] - 2022-07-27

- Fixed URLs generated by the 'View Domains' command.

## [Tweaks] - 2021-03-09

- Handle network errors
- Change Detail view layout
- Add action shortcuts
- Show deploy status
- Fix action label: "Open in …" -> "Open on …"

## [Add Netlify] - 2021-12-23

Initial version
