extensions/mercado-libre/README.md, before:

# Mercado Libre

## Description

The Mercado Libre extension for Raycast integrates with various marketplaces across Latin America, enabling users to seamlessly search listings from the popular e-commerce platform.

## Setup

Configure the following preferences in the extension settings:

* **Marketplace**: Select your preferred Mercado Libre marketplace from a variety of countries.
* **View Layout**: Choose between a grid or list view for search results.
* **Grid Item Size**: Select the size of the grid items.

## Features

* **Search Capability**: Easily search for listings with an interface that displays prices, images, and provides direct browser links for detailed information.
* **Marketplace Customization**: Access a variety of Mercado Libre marketplaces tailored to different Latin American countries.
* **View Customization**: Choose between grid or list layouts for displaying search results.

## Author

Developed by Arthur Pinheiro ([@xilopaint on GitHub](https://github.com/xilopaint)).

## License

Distributed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Update mercado-libre extension (#18725)
* Update mercado-libre extension

- Deprecate mercado-libre extension
- Initial commit

* Update

* update

* Update CHANGELOG.md and optimise images

---------

Co-authored-by: Per Nielsen Tikær <per@raycast.com>
Co-authored-by: raycastbot <bot@raycast.com>

extensions/mercado-libre/README.md, after:

# Mercado Libre

> **DEPRECATED**: This extension is no longer functional as the API it relies on is no longer available.

## Description

The Mercado Libre extension for Raycast integrates with various marketplaces across Latin America, enabling users to seamlessly search listings from the popular e-commerce platform.

## Setup

Configure the following preferences in the extension settings:

* **Marketplace**: Select your preferred Mercado Libre marketplace from a variety of countries.
* **View Layout**: Choose between a grid or list view for search results.
* **Grid Item Size**: Select the size of the grid items.

## Features

* **Search Capability**: Easily search for listings with an interface that displays prices, images, and provides direct browser links for detailed information.
* **Marketplace Customization**: Access a variety of Mercado Libre marketplaces tailored to different Latin American countries.
* **View Customization**: Choose between grid or list layouts for displaying search results.

## Author

Developed by Arthur Pinheiro ([@xilopaint on GitHub](https://github.com/xilopaint)).

## License

Distributed under the MIT License.
