---
description: Understand the file structure of an extension.
---

# File Structure

An extension consists of at least an entry point file (e.g. `src/index.ts`) and a `package.json` manifest file. We add a few more support files when scaffolding an extension to streamline development with modern JavaScript tooling.

The typical directory structure of a newly created extension looks like this:

```bash
extension
├── .eslintrc.json
├── .prettierrc
├── assets
│   └── icon.png
├── node_modules
├── package-lock.json
├── package.json
├── src
│   ├── command.tsx
└── tsconfig.json
```

The directory contains all source files, assets, and a few support files. Let's go over each of them:

## Sources

Put all your source files into the `src` folder. We recommend using TypeScript as a programming language. Our API is fully typed, which helps you catch errors at compile time rather than runtime. `ts`, `tsx`, `js` and `jsx` are supported as file extensions. As a rule of thumb, use `tsx` or `jsx` for commands with a UI.

An extension consists of at least an entry point file (e.g. `src/command.ts`) per command and a `package.json` manifest file holding metadata about the extension, its commands, and its tools. The format of the manifest file is very similar to [that of npm packages](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/configuring-npm/package-json). In addition to some of the standard properties, there are some [additional properties](./manifest.md), in particular, the `commands` properties which describes the entry points exposed by the extension.

Each command has a property `name` that maps to its main entry point file in the `src` folder. For example, a command with the name `create` in the `package.json` file, maps to the file `src/create{.ts,.tsx,.js,.jsx}`.

## Assets

The optional `assets` folder can contain icons that will be packaged into the extension archive. All bundled assets can be referenced at runtime. Additionally, icons can be used in the `package.json` as extension or command icons.

## Support files

The directory contains a few more files that setup common JavaScript tooling:

- **eslint.config.js** describes rules for [ESLint](https://eslint.org), which you can run with `npm run lint`. It has recommendations for code style and best practices. Usually, you don't have to edit this file.
- **.prettierrc** contains default rules for [Prettier](https://prettier.io) to format your code. We recommend to setup the [VS Code extension](https://prettier.io/docs/en/editors.html#visual-studio-code) to keep your code pretty automatically.
- **node_modules** contains all installed dependencies. You shouldn't make any manual changes to this folder.
- **package-lock.json** is a file generated by npm to install your dependencies. You shouldn't make any manual changes to this file.
- **package.json** is the [manifest file](./manifest.md) containing metadata about your extension such as its title, the commands, and its dependencies.
- **tsconfig.json** configures your project to use TypeScript. Most likely, you don't have to edit this file.
