extensions/oci/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="./assets/red-cloud-white-bg-blue-b.png" width="200" height="200" />
</p>

# Oracle Cloud

This is a Raycast extension for [Oracle Cloud](https://cloud.oracle.com/). With this extension you can view **Core Services** (only Instances for now) and **VNIC Attachments**.

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Install extension**: Click the `Install Extension` button in the top right of [this page](https://www.raycast.com/xmok/oci) OR `install` via Raycast Store

2. **Configure**:

    This extension uses the official SDK and needs configuration. Refer to [Developer Resources > Developer Guide > Setup and Prerequisites > SDK and CLI Configuration File](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/API/Concepts/sdkconfig.htm#SDK_and_CLI_Configuration_File) to learn where and how your configuration file needs to be set. Once done, the extension will work without further confguration needed.

    For the default method:
    
    - `Scroll` to the bottom of the page
    - `Copy` the "Example Configuration"
    - `Create` dir: `mkdir ~/.oci`
    - `Paste` the example contents into the config
    - `Update` the file with your own details

## 🗒️ Note

There are a lot of items in Oracle Cloud. PRs are welcome but due to the complexity of the SDK, it's recommended to open an Issue for discussion first.

## ❔

### **What's with the logo?**

Oracle has strict guidelines on usage of their Brand Assets so this is an alternative inspired by their Brand Colors. Feel free to make a PR if you have a better logo in mind 😅.

---

Looking for more infra extensions? Try these:

<a title="Install vultr Raycast Extension" href="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/vultr"><img src="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/vultr/install_button@2x.png?v=1.1" height="64" alt="" style="height: 64px;"></a>
<a title="Install hestiacp-admin Raycast Extension" href="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/hestiacp-admin"><img src="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/hestiacp-admin/install_button@2x.png?v=1.1" height="64" alt="" style="height: 64px;"></a>
<a title="Install coolify Raycast Extension" href="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/coolify"><img src="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/coolify/install_button@2x.png?v=1.1" height="64" alt="" style="height: 64px;"></a>
<a title="Install cyberpanel Raycast Extension" href="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/cyberpanel"><img src="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/cyberpanel/install_button@2x.png?v=1.1" height="64" alt="" style="height: 64px;"></a>

Commit message:

Update `Oracle Cloud` extension - (Confirm and) Terminate Instance + Add "Open in OCI" `Action` (#19534)
* [OCI] add open-in-oci component

* [OCI] terminate instance

* [OCI] confirm b4 terminate

* [OCI] provider + PoC objectstorage

* [OCI] nosql-db but crashes

* [OCI] revert Provider stuff, upd8 README

* [OCI] Greptile README suggestions

* Update CHANGELOG.md and optimise images

---------

Co-authored-by: raycastbot <bot@raycast.com>

extensions/oci/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="./assets/red-cloud-white-bg-blue-b.png" width="200" height="200" />
</p>

# Oracle Cloud

This is a Raycast extension for [Oracle Cloud](https://cloud.oracle.com/). With this extension you can view **Core Services** (only Instances for now) and **VNIC Attachments**.

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Install extension**: Click the `Install Extension` button in the top right of [this page](https://www.raycast.com/xmok/oci) OR `install` via Raycast Store

2. **Configure**:

    This extension uses the official SDK and needs configuration. Refer to [Developer Resources > Developer Guide > Setup and Prerequisites > SDK and CLI Configuration File](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/API/Concepts/sdkconfig.htm#SDK_and_CLI_Configuration_File) to learn where and how your configuration file needs to be set. Once done, the extension will work without further configuration needed.

    For a quick method:
    
    - `Navigate` to "Identity & Security" in OCI "Profile" (Try this link: https://cloud.oracle.com/identity/domains/my-profile)
    - `Click` on "Tokens and keys"
    - `Click` "Add API key"
    - `Copy` the "Example Configuration"
    - `View` the configuration file
    - `Click` "Copy"
    - `Create` directory: `mkdir ~/.oci`
    - `Create` file: `~/.oci/config`
    - `Paste` the example contents into the config

## 🗒️ Note

There are a lot of items in Oracle Cloud. PRs are welcome but due to the complexity of the SDK, it's recommended to open an Issue for discussion first.

## ❔

### **What's with the logo?**

Oracle has strict guidelines on usage of their Brand Assets so this is an alternative inspired by their Brand Colors. Feel free to make a PR if you have a better logo in mind 😅.

---

Looking for more infra extensions? Try these:

<a title="Install appwrite Raycast Extension" href="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/appwrite"><img src="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/appwrite/install_button@2x.png?v=1.1" height="64" alt="" style="height: 64px;"></a>
<a title="Install coolify Raycast Extension" href="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/coolify"><img src="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/coolify/install_button@2x.png?v=1.1" height="64" alt="" style="height: 64px;"></a>
<a title="Install cyberpanel Raycast Extension" href="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/cyberpanel"><img src="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/cyberpanel/install_button@2x.png?v=1.1" height="64" alt="" style="height: 64px;"></a>
<a title="Install hestiacp-admin Raycast Extension" href="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/hestiacp-admin"><img src="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/hestiacp-admin/install_button@2x.png?v=1.1" height="64" alt="" style="height: 64px;"></a>
<a title="Install vultr Raycast Extension" href="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/vultr"><img src="https://www.raycast.com/xmok/vultr/install_button@2x.png?v=1.1" height="64" alt="" style="height: 64px;"></a>
