extensions/spotify-player/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
   <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/372831/227213056-29a98faf-f897-4cd0-9c39-ca8f218a4190.png">
 </p>

Spotify's most common features, now at your fingertips. Search for music and podcasts, browse your library, and control the playback. Glance at what's currently playing directly from the menu bar.

## Commands

### Search

A single unified search command. Use this to search for artists, albums, songs, playlists, podcasts, and episodes. Use the dropdown menu to filter your search to a specific category. Each category offers contextual actions, so you can dive deeper into the search.

### Your Library

Use this to see your saved artists, albums, songs, playlists, and podcasts. Similar to the "Search" command, it includes a category dropdown and contextual actions.

### Now Playing

See what's currently playing. Use the actions (⌘ K) for further actions, such as Play/Pause, Like/Dislike, Skip, Start Radio, Add to Playlist, Connect Device and more.

### Menu Bar Player

See what's currently playing in your Menu Bar. Click for further actions, such as Play/Pause, Like/Dislike, Skip, Start Radio, Add to Playlist, Connect Device and more. Refreshes every 10 seconds.

### Toggle Play/Pause

Use this to toggle the playback of the current song.

### Next

Use this to skip to the next song/episode.

### Previous

Use this to skip to the previous song/episode.

## Disabled Commands

This extension includes a few commands that are disabled by default. You can enable them by going to the extension's settings. These commands are:

### Like

Use this to like the current song.

### Dislike

Use this to dislike the current song.

### Add Playing Song to Playlist

Use this to add the current song to a playlist of your choice.

### Remove Playing Song from Playlist

Use this to remove the current song from the playlist it's in.

### Set Volume to 0%

Use this to mute the volume.

### Set Volume to 25%

Use this to set the volume to 25%.

### Set Volume to 50%

Use this to set the volume to 50%.

### Set Volume to 75%

Use this to set the volume to 75%.

### Set Volume to 100%

Use this to set the volume to 100%.

### Turn Volume Down

Use this to turn the volume down by 10%.

### Turn Volume Up

Use this to turn the volume up by 10%.

### Toggle Shuffle

Use this to toggle shuffle.

### Toggle Repeat

Use this to toggle repeat.

### Start Radio

Use this to start a radio station based on the current song.

### Copy URL

Use this to copy the URL of the current song/episode.

### Just Play

Use this to quickly start playing a song based on your query.

### Generate Playlist

Use this to get a playlist generated by Raycast AI based on a prompt. You can then add this playlist to Spotify or queue all the songs directly.

### Skip 15 Seconds

Use this to skip ahead 15 seconds.

### Back 15 Seconds

Use this to go back 15 seconds.

---

In order to use this extension, you'll need to authenticate with Spotify. This extension requires the following permissions [scopes](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/concepts/scopes):

- `playlist-modify-private`: To update your playlist, including private ones.
- `playlist-modify-public`: To update your playlist.
- `playlist-read-collaborative`: To fetch your playlists, including collaborative ones.
- `playlist-read-private`: To fetch your playlists, including private ones.
- `user-follow-read`: To fetch your followed artists.
- `user-library-modify`: To update your liked songs/episodes.
- `user-library-read`: To fetch your liked songs, artists, albums, podcasts, and episodes.
- `user-modify-playback-state`: To control playback state, such as play/pause, skip, change volume, transfer playback, and more.
- `user-read-currently-playing`: To fetch what's currently playing.
- `user-read-playback-state`: To fetch playback state, such as volume, shuffle, repeat, and more.
- `user-read-private`: To fetch your country code, so we can display songs available in your location only.
- `user-top-read`: To fetch your top artists and tracks.

Commit message:

Ability to copy song's artist and title (#19368)
* Add an option in the `NowPlaying` command that allows users to copy the current song’s artist and title

* Add new command `Copy Artist And Title`, update README.md and CHANGELOG.md

* fix lint

* Update CHANGELOG.md and optimise images

---------

Co-authored-by: raycastbot <bot@raycast.com>

extensions/spotify-player/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
   <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/372831/227213056-29a98faf-f897-4cd0-9c39-ca8f218a4190.png">
 </p>

Spotify's most common features, now at your fingertips. Search for music and podcasts, browse your library, and control the playback. Glance at what's currently playing directly from the menu bar.

## Commands

### Search

A single unified search command. Use this to search for artists, albums, songs, playlists, podcasts, and episodes. Use the dropdown menu to filter your search to a specific category. Each category offers contextual actions, so you can dive deeper into the search.

### Your Library

Use this to see your saved artists, albums, songs, playlists, and podcasts. Similar to the "Search" command, it includes a category dropdown and contextual actions.

### Now Playing

See what's currently playing. Use the actions (⌘ K) for further actions, such as Play/Pause, Like/Dislike, Skip, Start Radio, Add to Playlist, Connect Device and more.

### Menu Bar Player

See what's currently playing in your Menu Bar. Click for further actions, such as Play/Pause, Like/Dislike, Skip, Start Radio, Add to Playlist, Connect Device and more. Refreshes every 10 seconds.

### Toggle Play/Pause

Use this to toggle the playback of the current song.

### Next

Use this to skip to the next song/episode.

### Previous

Use this to skip to the previous song/episode.

## Disabled Commands

This extension includes a few commands that are disabled by default. You can enable them by going to the extension's settings. These commands are:

### Like

Use this to like the current song.

### Dislike

Use this to dislike the current song.

### Add Playing Song to Playlist

Use this to add the current song to a playlist of your choice.

### Remove Playing Song from Playlist

Use this to remove the current song from the playlist it's in.

### Set Volume to 0%

Use this to mute the volume.

### Set Volume to 25%

Use this to set the volume to 25%.

### Set Volume to 50%

Use this to set the volume to 50%.

### Set Volume to 75%

Use this to set the volume to 75%.

### Set Volume to 100%

Use this to set the volume to 100%.

### Turn Volume Down

Use this to turn the volume down by 10%.

### Turn Volume Up

Use this to turn the volume up by 10%.

### Toggle Shuffle

Use this to toggle shuffle.

### Toggle Repeat

Use this to toggle repeat.

### Start Radio

Use this to start a radio station based on the current song.

### Copy URL

Use this to copy the URL of the current song/episode.

### Copy Artist And Title

Use this to copy the artist and track title of the current song/episode.

### Just Play

Use this to quickly start playing a song based on your query.

### Generate Playlist

Use this to get a playlist generated by Raycast AI based on a prompt. You can then add this playlist to Spotify or queue all the songs directly.

### Skip 15 Seconds

Use this to skip ahead 15 seconds.

### Back 15 Seconds

Use this to go back 15 seconds.

---

In order to use this extension, you'll need to authenticate with Spotify. This extension requires the following permissions [scopes](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/concepts/scopes):

- `playlist-modify-private`: To update your playlist, including private ones.
- `playlist-modify-public`: To update your playlist.
- `playlist-read-collaborative`: To fetch your playlists, including collaborative ones.
- `playlist-read-private`: To fetch your playlists, including private ones.
- `user-follow-read`: To fetch your followed artists.
- `user-library-modify`: To update your liked songs/episodes.
- `user-library-read`: To fetch your liked songs, artists, albums, podcasts, and episodes.
- `user-modify-playback-state`: To control playback state, such as play/pause, skip, change volume, transfer playback, and more.
- `user-read-currently-playing`: To fetch what's currently playing.
- `user-read-playback-state`: To fetch playback state, such as volume, shuffle, repeat, and more.
- `user-read-private`: To fetch your country code, so we can display songs available in your location only.
- `user-top-read`: To fetch your top artists and tracks.
