extensions/music-assistant-controls/README.md, before:

# 🎵 Music Assistant Raycast Extension

Control [Music Assistant](https://github.com/music-assistant/server) from anywhere on macOS and keep the current track in your Raycast menu bar.

---

## Features

| Command               | What it does                                   |
| --------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| **Toggle**            | Pauses/resumes playback on the selected player |
| **Next / Previous**   | Skips tracks                                   |
| **Menu Bar Player**   | Displays title - artist in the macOS menu bar  |
| **Set Active Player** | Chooses what player to run other commands on   |

Works with:

- A standalone Music Assistant server (`ws://HOST:8095/ws`)
- The Home Assistant add-on (just expose port `8095` in the add-on’s settings)

![Expose port 8095 in Home Assistant add-on settings](./media/expose-port.png)

## Configuration

| Parameter | Description                                                                                                    |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `host`    | Local Music Assistant IP address and port (use the direct IP; mDNS is not reliable in the Raycast environment) |

Commit message:

Update music-assistant-controls extension (#21510)
* Update music-assistant-controls extension

- Enhance pre-publish process with linting and building; update Copilot instructions for publishing to Raycast Store
- Update screenshot
- Enhance documentation standards and update changelog with new volume control features; refine README for clarity on commands
- Add GitHub Copilot custom instructions for Music Assistant extension development
- Implement volume control features and related API methods in MusicAssistantClient; add tests for player volume functionality
- Add volume control feature and related tests
- Initial commit

* move copilot instruction outside of .github folder

* Update music-assistant-controls extension

- Update pre-publish checks to include testing alongside linting and building
- Update prepublish script to include testing before linting and building
- Refactor volume change handling to directly set volume in action callback
- Refactor volume change handling to remove error logging and streamline revalidation process

* Remove unused screenshot from music-assistant-controls extension metadata

* Update CHANGELOG.md and optimise images

---------

Co-authored-by: Per Nielsen Tikær <per@raycast.com>
Co-authored-by: raycastbot <bot@raycast.com>

extensions/music-assistant-controls/README.md, after:

# 🎵 Music Assistant Raycast Extension

Control [Music Assistant](https://github.com/music-assistant/server) from anywhere on macOS and keep the current track in your Raycast menu bar.

---

## Features

| Command               | What it does                                                       |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Toggle**            | Pauses/resumes playback on the selected player                     |
| **Next / Previous**   | Skips tracks                                                       |
| **Set Volume**        | Sets volume level (0-100) for the active player                    |
| **Menu Bar Player**   | Displays title - artist in the macOS menu bar with volume controls |
| **Set Active Player** | Chooses what player to run other commands on                       |

Works with:

- A standalone Music Assistant server (`ws://HOST:8095/ws`)
- The Home Assistant add-on (just expose port `8095` in the add-on’s settings)

![Expose port 8095 in Home Assistant add-on settings](./media/expose-port.png)

## Configuration

| Parameter | Description                                                                                                    |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `host`    | Local Music Assistant IP address and port (use the direct IP; mDNS is not reliable in the Raycast environment) |
