extensions/forked-extensions/README.md, before:

# Forked Extensions

The extension for helping you manage your forked Raycast extensions.

## Principles

This extension leverages the [Git sparse-checkout](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-sparse-checkout) feature to efficiently manage your forked extensions. Our goal is to eliminate the need for cloning the entire repository, which can exceed 20 GB in size, by enabling sparse-checkout. With this extension, you can forgo Ray CLI's `⁠pull-contributions` and `⁠publish` commands, allowing you to use Git commands directly for managing your extensions.

## Requirements

- [Git](https://git-scm.com) installed on your system

## Features

- [x] Explorer full extension list
- [x] Sparse-checkout an extension
- [x] Remove an extension from forked list
- [x] Synchronizes the forked repository with the upstream repository on local

## GitHub Permission Scopes

This extension requires the following GitHub API permission scopes:

- `public_repo`
  - `api.repositoryExists()` - Checks if the user's forked repository exists
  - `api.getForkedRepository()` - Retrieves the full name of the user's forked repository
  - `api.compareTwoCommits()` - Compares two commits in the user's forked repository
- `workflow`
  - `api.syncFork()` - Syncs the forked repository with the upstream repository on GitHub

## Hint

You can always open your forked extension folder in the terminal to work with CLI commands directly. We also prepared a [CHEATSHEET.md](https://github.com/raycast/extensions/tree/main/extensions/forked-extensions/CHEATSHEET.md) if you want to learn more about the Git commands used in this extension.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

[Forked Extensions] Support migrating from full-checkout (#21488)
* [Forked Extensions] Support migrating from full-checkout

* Update CHANGELOG.md and optimise images

---------

Co-authored-by: raycastbot <bot@raycast.com>

extensions/forked-extensions/README.md, after:

# Forked Extensions

Efficiently manage your forked Raycast extensions using Git sparse-checkout. Explore the full extension catalog, selectively checkout specific extensions, and remove extensions from your forked collection with ease.

## Principles

This extension leverages the [Git sparse-checkout](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-sparse-checkout) feature to efficiently manage your forked extensions. Our goal is to eliminate the need for cloning the entire repository, which can exceed 20 GB in size, by enabling sparse-checkout. With this extension, you can forgo Ray CLI's `⁠pull-contributions` and `⁠publish` commands, allowing you to use Git commands directly for managing your extensions.

## Requirements

- [Git](https://git-scm.com) installed on your system

## Features

- [x] Explorer full extension list
- [x] Sparse-checkout an extension
- [x] Remove an extension from forked list
- [x] Synchronizes the forked repository with the upstream repository on local

## GitHub Permission Scopes

This extension requires the following [GitHub API permission scopes](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/oauth-apps/building-oauth-apps/scopes-for-oauth-apps):

- `public_repo`
  - `api.repositoryExists()` - Checks if the user's forked repository exists
  - `api.getForkedRepository()` - Retrieves the full name of the user's forked repository
  - `api.compareTwoCommits()` - Compares two commits in the user's forked repository
- `workflow`
  - `api.syncFork()` - Syncs the forked repository with the upstream repository on GitHub

## FAQ

### "Can I use Git commands directly?"

You can always open your forked extension folder in the terminal to work with CLI commands directly. We also prepared a [CHEATSHEET.md](https://github.com/raycast/extensions/tree/main/extensions/forked-extensions/CHEATSHEET.md) if you want to learn more about the Git commands used in this extension.

### "I used this extension to convert an existing full-checkout repository to sparse-checkout but my `.git` folder still has a massive size"

You might need some manual cleanup to reduce the size of your `.git` folder. Here are a few methods you can take:

- Use [`git gc`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-gc) to clean up unnecessary files and optimize the local repository
- Use [`git fsck`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-fsck) to check the integrity of the repository
- Use [`git prune`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-prune) to remove any objects that are no longer referenced by your branches
- Use [`git maintenance`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-maintenance) to perform various maintenance tasks on your repository

But we recommend using a new clone of the repository to start fresh with a smaller `.git` folder.

## License

MIT
