extensions/jira-search-self-hosted/README.md, before:

# Raycast Jira Search (Self-Hosted Edition)

This [Raycast](https://raycast.com) extension lets you quickly find Jira issues, projects, and boards. This version is forked from the JIRA
search extension built by sven to work with JIRA server instances.

![screencast](media/screencast.gif)

## Features

- Find issues by text and project and type, where the text search is much more tolerant than the one built in to Raycast.
  - Filter issues by project using `@project` syntax.
  - Filter issue by type using `#issueType` syntax.
  - Filter issue by status using `!status` or `!"my fancy status"` (use double quotes if status contains spaces) syntax.
  - Filter issue by assignee using `%email` or `%"full name"` (use double quotes if assignee contains spaces) syntax.
  - For example enter `pdf export @dev @it #bug #story` to find all issues which contain words starting with "pdf" and "export" and which are in the "DEV" or "IT" project and which are of type "Bug" or "Story."
  - Find issue directly by issue key (for example `DEV-1234`).
- Find projects by title.
- Find boards by title.
- Use the following actions on found entities:
  - Open in browser
  - Copy URL
  - Copy markdown link
  - Copy HTML link

**Note:** This extension does not provide an issue preview or issue editing like the built-in extension – it is totally focused on quickly opening Jira entities in your browser.

## Setup

To connect the extension to your Jira instance you need to fill the following preferences:

- **Jira Domain:** The domain of your Jira instance like `mycompany.atlassian.net` or with a base URL like `mycompany.atlassian.net/baseUrl/jira`.
- **Personal Access Token:** A personal access token created as described in [Using Personal Access Tokens](https://confluence.atlassian.com/enterprise/using-personal-access-tokens-1026032365.html).

### Unsafe HTTPS

If you JIRA instance uses a self-signed certificate, you can enable Unsafe HTTPS in the extension settings to stop network errors from occurring.

Commit message:

Update jira-search-self-hosted extension
- Added new command Show Active Sprint
- Added new command Show Active Sprint
- Initial commit

extensions/jira-search-self-hosted/README.md, after:

# Raycast Jira Search (Self-Hosted Edition)

This [Raycast](https://raycast.com) extension lets you quickly find Jira issues, projects, and boards. This version is forked from the JIRA
search extension built by sven to work with JIRA server instances.

![screencast](media/screencast.gif)

## Features

- Find issues by text and project and type, where the text search is much more tolerant than the one built in to Raycast.
  - Filter issues by project using `@project` syntax.
  - Filter issue by type using `#issueType` syntax.
  - Filter issue by status using `!status` or `!"my fancy status"` (use double quotes if status contains spaces) syntax.
  - Filter issue by assignee using `%email` or `%"full name"` (use double quotes if assignee contains spaces) syntax.
  - For example enter `pdf export @dev @it #bug #story` to find all issues which contain words starting with "pdf" and "export" and which are in the "DEV" or "IT" project and which are of type "Bug" or "Story."
  - Find issue directly by issue key (for example `DEV-1234`).
- Find projects by title.
- Find boards by title.
- Show Active Sprint information with the following actions: 
  - Configure visible fields
  - Configure customfields_id in preferences
- Use the following actions on found entities:
  - Open in browser
  - Copy URL
  - Copy markdown link
  - Copy HTML link

**Note:** This extension does not provide an issue preview or issue editing like the built-in extension – it is totally focused on quickly opening Jira entities in your browser.

## Setup

To connect the extension to your Jira instance you need to fill the following preferences:

- **Jira Domain:** The domain of your Jira instance like `mycompany.atlassian.net` or with a base URL like `mycompany.atlassian.net/baseUrl/jira`.
- **Personal Access Token:** A personal access token created as described in [Using Personal Access Tokens](https://confluence.atlassian.com/enterprise/using-personal-access-tokens-1026032365.html).

### Unsafe HTTPS

If you JIRA instance uses a self-signed certificate, you can enable Unsafe HTTPS in the extension settings to stop network errors from occurring.
