---
description: Understand the file structure of an extension.
---

# File structure

An extension consists at least of an entry point file \(e.g. `src/index.ts`\) and a `package.json` manifest file. We add a few more support files when scaffolding an extension to streamline development with modern JavaScript tooling.

The typical directory structure of a newly-created extension looks like this:

```bash
extension
├── .eslintrc.json
├── .prettierrc
├── assets
│   └── icon.png
├── node_modules
├── package-lock.json
├── package.json
├── src
│   └── index.tsx
└── tsconfig.json
```

The directory contains all source files, assets and a few support files. Let's go over each of them:

### Sources

Put all your source files into the `src` folder. We recommend using TypeScript as programming language. Our API is fully typed which helps you to catch errors at compile time rather than run time. `ts`, `tsx`, `js` and `jsx` are supported as file extenions. As a rule of thumb, use `tsx` or `jsx` for commands with a UI.

Every command defines an entry point file with the `name` property in the `package.json`manifest. For example, a command with the name `create` in the `package.json` file, maps to the file `src/create`. 

An extension consists of an entry point file \(e.g. `src/index.ts`\) per command and a `package.json` manifest file that holds metadata about the extension and its commands. The format of the manifest file is very similar to [that of npm packages](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/configuring-npm/package-json). In addition to some of the standard properties, a `commands` property describes which commands an extension exposes to Raycast root search and how they are presented. Each command has a property `name` that maps to its main entry point file in the `src` folder \(e.g. a command with name "`create`" would map to `src/create`\).

### Assets

The optional `assets` folder can contain icons that will be packaged and can be referenced at runtime. All bundled assets can be referenced at runtime. Additionally icons can be used in the `package.json` as a extension or command icon. 

### Support files

The directory contains a few more files that setup common JavaScript tooling:

* **.eslintrc.json** describes rules for [ESLint](https://eslint.org), which you can run with `npm run lint`. It has recommendations for code style and best practices. Usually you don't have to edit this file.
* **.prettierrc** contains default rules for [Prettier](https://prettier.io) to format your code. We recommend to setup the [VS Code extension](https://prettier.io/docs/en/editors.html#visual-studio-code) to keep your code pretty.
* **node\_modules** contains all installed dependencies. You shouldn't make any changes to this folder.
* **package-lock.json** is a file that is generated by npm to install your dependencies. You shouldn't make any changes to this file.
* **package.json** is the [manifest file](manifest.md) which contains metadata about your extension such as it's title, the commands and it's dependencies.
* **tsconfig.json** configures your project to use TypeScript. Most likely you don't need to do any changes in this file.



