extensions/grammaring/README.md, before:

# Grammaring

Refine your writing effortlessly and very fast. Grammaring subtly corrects your text, keeping your unique voice intact, like a personal editor who knows your style. Need to remember a quick fact? Just ask within {curly braces} and watch it seamlessly appear in your sentence. Write smarter, not harder, with your words, perfected.

## Installation
1. Go to Raycast Store
2. Install Grammaring extension

## Setup
### OpenAI API Key
1.  Go to [OpenAI's API key page](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys)
2.  Create a new secret key
3.  Copy the key
4.  When you first run a Grammaring command, Raycast will prompt you to enter this API key in the extension preferences

### Shortcut
1. Go to Extensions in Raycast Settings
2. Search for "Grammaring"
3. Record a shortcut for "Fix & Fact - Selected Text"

---

# Features
Both features will be executed in the same command.

## Fix & Keep Style
Select the text you want to fix and run the shortcut. Grammaring will analyze your writing style, correct any grammatical errors, and enhance the text while maintaining your unique voice. The corrected text will be automatically pasted back into your document, seamlessly replacing the original selection.

## Fill with Facts
Write inside {curly braces} the facts you want to fill in the text, then run the shortcut. Grammaring will fill the text with the facts you asked for.

### Example:
```
Input: I'm traveling to {city where a lot of big companies were founded} to see {was founder and CEO of Apple}.

Output: I'm traveling to Silicon Valley to see Steve Jobs.
```

Commit message:

Update grammaring extension
- feat: - Grammaring now know the current date- More examples in readme - New logo
- Pull contributions
- gitignore root folder
- feat: - Grammaring now know the current date- More examples in readme - New logo

extensions/grammaring/README.md, after:

# Grammaring

Refine your writing effortlessly and very fast. Grammaring subtly corrects your text, keeping your unique voice intact, like a personal editor who knows your style. Need to remember a quick fact? Just ask within {curly braces} and watch it seamlessly appear in your sentence. Write smarter, not harder, with your words, perfected.

## Installation
1. Go to Raycast Store
2. Install Grammaring extension

## Setup
### OpenAI API Key
1.  Go to [OpenAI's API key page](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys)
2.  Create a new secret key
3.  Copy the key
4.  When you first run a Grammaring command, Raycast will prompt you to enter this API key in the extension preferences

### Shortcut
1. Go to Extensions in Raycast Settings
2. Search for "Grammaring"
3. Record a shortcut for "Fix & Fact - Selected Text"

---

# Features
Both features will be executed in the same command.

## Fix & Keep Style
Select the text you want to fix and run the shortcut. Grammaring will analyze your writing style, correct any grammatical errors, and enhance the text while maintaining your unique voice. The corrected text will be automatically pasted back into your document, seamlessly replacing the original selection.

## Fill with Facts
Write inside {curly braces} the facts, questions, math calculations, or anything you want to fill in the text, then run the shortcut. Grammaring will fill the text with what you asked for.

### Examples:
```
Input: I'm traveling to {city where a lot of big companies were founded} to see {was founder and CEO of Apple}.

Output: I'm traveling to Silicon Valley to see Steve Jobs.
```

### More examples Grammaring can answer:
```
1) great man, i'm scheduling a meeting at {10am argentina to sf} to talk with you!

2) wow, really like it man! {emoji}

3) this release is {very important syn} for our roadmap

4) your part of the dinner is ${13 + 15}

5) i love your {teclado to english} where did you get it?
```
