extensions/lipsum/README.md, before:

# lipsum

![extension-icon](./assets/extension-icon.png)

A Raycast extension for generating dummy text in both Japanese and English. 
Easily generate text with a specified character count and copy it to your clipboard.

## Features

- Generate dummy text in both Japanese and English
- Specify the number of characters
- Copy to clipboard
- Streamline your design and development prototyping work

## Screencast

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/44d32225-05a9-4084-905c-04456b2d8ded

## Development

```bash
# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/raycast/extensions.git && cd extensions/lipsum

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Link the extension to Raycast
npm run dev

# Publish
npm run publish
```

## Usage

1. Launch Raycast (default: `⌘Space`)
2. Type "lipsum"
3. Select the language and character count for the text you want to generate
4. The generated text will be automatically copied to your clipboard

## Options

| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| Language | Select Japanese or English |
| Character Count | Specify the number of characters to generate |

## License

Released under the MIT License. 

## Contributing

1. Fork this repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Create a Pull Request

Commit message:

Update lipsum extension
- update screencast
- add ci workflow
- Merge pull request #3 from seita1996/dependabot/npm_and_yarn/types/react-19.1.2
- Bump @types/react from 19.0.10 to 19.1.2
- Merge pull request #2 from seita1996/dependabot/npm_and_yarn/types/node-22.15.3
- Merge pull request #1 from seita1996/dependabot/npm_and_yarn/raycast/api-1.97.0
- if language is not selected, the default language of the Extension settings will be selected
- just one command and using a dropdown to select Japanese or English
- Bump @types/node from 22.13.10 to 22.15.3
- Bump @raycast/api from 1.96.1 to 1.97.0

extensions/lipsum/README.md, after:

# lipsum

![extension-icon](./assets/extension-icon.png)

A Raycast extension for generating dummy text in both Japanese and English. 
Easily generate text with a specified character count and copy it to your clipboard.

## Features

- Generate dummy text in both Japanese and English
- Specify the number of characters
- Copy to clipboard
- Streamline your design and development prototyping work

## Screencast

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c37bc4ad-02c0-4509-a75d-a8137551a003

## Development

```bash
# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/raycast/extensions.git && cd extensions/lipsum

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Link the extension to Raycast
npm run dev

# Publish
npm run publish
```

## Usage

1. Launch Raycast (default: `⌘Space`)
2. Type "lipsum"
3. Select the language and character count for the text you want to generate
4. The generated text will be automatically copied to your clipboard

If language is not selected, the default language of the Extension settings will be selected.

## Options

| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| Number of characters | Specify the number of characters to generate |
| Select Language | Select Japanese or English |

## License

Released under the MIT License. 

## Contributing

1. Fork this repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Create a Pull Request
