extensions/flibusta-search/README.md, before:

# Flibusta Search

Search for books on Flibusta site directly from Raycast.

## Features

- Search for books on Flibusta
- View book details including title, author, and format
- Quick access to book downloads

## Installation

1. Open [Raycast](https://raycast.com)
2. Press `⌘ + Space` to open the command bar
3. Type "Flibusta Search" and press `⌘ + Enter` to install
4. The extension will be installed and ready to use

## Usage

1. Press `⌘ + Space` to open Raycast
2. Type "Flibusta" to start searching
3. Enter your search query and press `Enter`
4. Browse through the results
5. Press `⌘ + Enter` on a book to start downloading it to your Downloads folder

## Development

For developers who want to modify or contribute to this extension:

### Requirements
- [Raycast](https://raycast.com/) for macOS
- Node.js 18 or later
- npm or yarn

### Setup
1. Clone this repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
4. Open Raycast and press `⌘ + Space` to start searching

### Available Commands
- `npm run dev` - Start the development server
- `npm run build` - Build the extension
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run test` - Run tests

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) file for details.

Commit message:

Update flibusta-search extension (#21327)
* Update flibusta-search extension

- Merge branch \'contributions/merge-1756906048742\'
- Pull contributions
- make the base site url configurable

* add entry to CHANGELOG.md

* fix(lint): remove console log

* Revise changelog for flibusta site URL configuration

Updated the changelog to reflect recent changes and fixes.

* Update configService.ts

* Change baseSiteUrl requirement to optional

* Update CHANGELOG.md and optimise images

---------

Co-authored-by: Vladislav Yevtushenko <vladislav_yevtushenko@epam.com>
Co-authored-by: Per Nielsen Tikær <per@raycast.com>
Co-authored-by: raycastbot <bot@raycast.com>

extensions/flibusta-search/README.md, after:

# Flibusta Search

Search for books on Flibusta site directly from Raycast.

## Features

- Search for books on Flibusta
- View book details including title, author, and format
- Quick access to book downloads

## Installation

1. Open [Raycast](https://raycast.com)
2. Press `⌘ + Space` to open the command bar
3. Type "Flibusta Search" and press `⌘ + Enter` to install
4. The extension will be installed and ready to use

## Configuration

Before using the extension, you need to configure the base URL for the Flibusta site:

1. Launch extension and click to "Open Extension Preferences"
2. Set the "Base Site URL" to your preferred Flibusta mirror (e.g., `https://flibusta.is` or `https://flibusta.site`)
3. The configuration will be saved automatically

## Usage

1. Press `⌘ + Space` to open Raycast
2. Type "Flibusta" to start searching
3. Enter your search query and press `Enter`
4. Browse through the results
5. Press `⌘ + Enter` on a book to start downloading it to your Downloads folder

## Development

For developers who want to modify or contribute to this extension:

### Requirements

- [Raycast](https://raycast.com/) for macOS
- Node.js 18 or later
- npm or yarn

### Setup

1. Clone this repository
2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open Raycast and press `⌘ + Space` to start searching

### Available Commands

- `npm run dev` - Start the development server
- `npm run build` - Build the extension
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run test` - Run tests

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) file for details.
